oh gee guy and i am here to show you a
special neat trick i found we all know
about the jump bucks land thing right
the press the a button then press the z
trigger but have you ever try to jump
Duchene and butt slam right when the
mill your skin so much far now
watch this
I get the camera position right there we
go don't boy you see that
let's do it here a target or something
to talk to nestle server right that's
right you saw it right you're over a
target you're near target your higher
than they are you're in your walk
straight on them and
where and when your head very cool trick
well I found this fresh okay my trip
I call it the spiral swam because you
did it stop all over the edge
well let me go out for a while and that
is that that's just one neat trick I
wanted to show you you should try it out
sometime remember let me zoom in/out for
bed sink too far end my guess is no it
is I'm out all right here's what you do
you press this a button right here on
your Wii Remote you shake it to spin or
you can shake your nunchuck controller
to spend whatever is easier for you
right in the middle of your spin in the
middle of the air you press this button
right here now for some spoilers today I
just beat Super Mario Galaxy and this or
these two letters right here are the
letters you get this is when you play
through and get the hundred twenty first
star from the grand finale galaxy with
Mario you get this picture
oh you see that right there space
observatory okay we go back view the
other one there's a few things wrong
with this picture I'm going to point
them out real quick but of course the
letter always says dear mario or luigi
congratulations we would like to send
you a galaxy sighs thanks for saving all
the power stars and playing to the very
end until the next time is super mario
galaxy staff now there's one thing wrong
with the rosalina fix police
I need to go to the photo channel to
show you you need to go through we
message board posts address this is just
simple blah blah blah if you use the
photo journal before you know I'm
talking about
now waypoint some things out now
rosalina always seems to have some kind
of glow over her especially around her
skin I'm thinking she's a star
up there you see that that's not a star
or is it it may lead to to leave it to
starve you zoom in even though it's
supposed to be a star they can also
resemble the Triforce from the legend
himself okay what is that that's either
a coin or yellow star been the most
curious thing though is if I can get
this thing is zoom over there
see that area right no you see this area
right here they're supposed to be the
ship especially right therapist is the
tree there's the other tree and the
waterfall is active for some reason both
sons winter the waterfall is armed okay
that's just weird look no scholarship
and something's glowing there one final
thing for wario fan for wat easy love
seekers well guess what i found them say
L is for real hahaha Wadi geez for real
ahaha not a buck knives keep looking do
not find it anywhere second one barrios
for real to say look black loi yeg and
mario are in this game as well
not that it's all joker you people like
the obsessive stuff like stop and swap
and crap like that they're not in the
game I'm just joking around well you
remember how to do that trick you don't
need to get all the stars to do that you
can do it as soon as you start the game
but it's not mentioned in the
instruction manual for some reason until
next time this is DJ and you should try
that trick out by